Update: add details to GraphQL docs (#3938)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/custom-business-logic.mdx

    - [HTTP resolver](#http-resolver): call an HTTP endpoint upon a query or mutation
    - [VTL resolver](#vtl-resolver) (most advanced): use VTL mapping templates to customize the query and mutation logic

> 3. Optionally, secure your custom query or mutation with [field-level auth](/cli/graphql/authorization-rules/)]

Reviewer: Given deny-by-default:
```suggestion
3. Secure your custom query or mutation with [field-level authorization rules](/cli/graphql/authorization-rules/)]
```

>     - Note: Only API Key, IAM, custom, and static group authorization rules are supported on a custom query or mutation.

Reviewer 2: So what is not supported? Dynamic auth? If that's the known thing that is unsupported it would be better to explicitly call that out.

Author: Updated

>     - `@auth`on a custom query or mutation only supports static groups, iam, and apiKey. Owner and dynamic groups are currently mapped to the model generated operations since those dynamic fields are handled directly in the resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Note: Only API Key, IAM, and static group authorization rules are supported on a custom query or mutation.
```
